README.md, before:

![alt text](https://fourtf.com/img/chatterino-icon-64.png)
Chatterino 2
============

Chatterino 2 is the second installment of the Twitch chat client series "Chatterino". For now you can check out Chatterino 1 at [https://chatterino.com](https://chatterino.com).

## Code style
The code is normally formated using clang format in Qt Creator. [.clang-format](https://github.com/fourtf/chatterino2/blob/master/.clang-format) contains the style file for clang format.

To setup automatic code formating with QT Creator, see [this guide](https://gist.github.com/pajlada/0296454198eb8f8789fd6fe7ea660c5b).

## Building
Before building run `git submodule update --init --recursive` to get required submodules.

### Windows
#### Using Qt Creator
##### Visual Studio 2017
Install Visual Studio 2017 and select "Desktop development with C++" and "Universal Windows Platform development.
download the [boost library](https://sourceforge.net/projects/boost/files/boost/1.63.0/boost_1_63_0.zip/download) and extract it to `C:\local\boost`
##### open-ssl
1. download binaries for OpenSSL >= 1.0.2 or compile it from source. [example download](https://indy.fulgan.com/SSL/)
2. Place `libeay32.dll` and `ssleay32.dll` from OpenSSL in a directory in PATH.

#### Using MSYS2
Building using MSYS2 can be quite easier process. Check out MSYS2 at [msys2.org](http://www.msys2.org/).
Be sure to add `-j <number of threads>` as a make argument so it will use all your cpu cores to build. ![example setup](https://i.imgur.com/qlESlS1.png)
You can also add `-o2` to optimize the final binary size but increase compilation time, and add `-pipe` to use more ram in compilation but increase compilation speed
1. open appropriate MSYS2 terminal and do `pacman -S mingw-w64-<arch>-boost mingw-w64-<arch>-qt5 mingw-w64-<arch>-rapidjson` where `<arch>` is `x86_64` or `i686`
2. go into the project directory
3. create build folder `mkdir build && cd build`
4. `qmake .. && mingw32-make`

### 

### Linux
#### Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS
*most likely works the same for other Debian-like distros*
1. install QT Creator `sudo apt-get install qtcreator qtmultimedia5-dev`
2. install boost-dev  `sudo apt-get install libboost-dev`
3. open `chatterino.pro` with QT Creator and build

#### Ubuntu 18.04
*most likely works the same for other Debian-like distros*
1. Install dependencies (and the C++ IDE Qt Creator) `sudo apt install qtcreator qtmultimedia5-dev libqt5svg5-dev libboost-dev`
2. Install rapidjson to `/usr/local/` like this: From the Chatterino2 root folder: `sudo cp -r lib/rapidjson/include/rapidjson /usr/local/include`. If you want to install it to another place, you have to make sure it's in the chatterino.pro include path
3. open `chatterino.pro` with QT Creator and build

#### Arch Linux
install [chatterino2-git](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/chatterino2-git/) from the aur or build manually as follows:
1. `sudo pacman -S qt5-base qt5-multimedia gst-plugins-ugly gst-plugins-good boost rapidjson`
2. go into project directory
3. create build folder `mkdir build && cd build`
4. `qmake .. && make`

### Mac OSX
1. install Xcode and Xcode Command Line Utilites
2. install Qt Creator
3. install brew https://brew.sh/
4. `brew install boost openssl rapidjson`
5. build the project using Qt Creator

Commit message:

PubSub system (#346)
* Add websocketpp dependency

* Initial pubsub commit

Renamed selection min and max variables to selectionMin and selectionMax
to bypass windows min/max macros being stupid.

TwitchAccount is now initialized with its User ID. It cannot be changed
after it has been initialized.

* Update openssl folder

* Update installation instructions

* Split up websocketpp dependency to its own code only and openssl.pri

* Add missing include to asio steady_timer

* Update dependencies for linux

README.md, after:

![alt text](https://fourtf.com/img/chatterino-icon-64.png)
Chatterino 2
============

Chatterino 2 is the second installment of the Twitch chat client series "Chatterino". For now you can check out Chatterino 1 at [https://chatterino.com](https://chatterino.com).

## Code style
The code is normally formated using clang format in Qt Creator. [.clang-format](https://github.com/fourtf/chatterino2/blob/master/.clang-format) contains the style file for clang format.

To setup automatic code formating with QT Creator, see [this guide](https://gist.github.com/pajlada/0296454198eb8f8789fd6fe7ea660c5b).

## Building
Before building run `git submodule update --init --recursive` to get required submodules.

### Windows
#### Using Qt Creator
##### Visual Studio 2017
Install Visual Studio 2017 and select "Desktop development with C++" and "Universal Windows Platform development.

###### Boost
Visual Studio 2017 64-bit: https://dl.bintray.com/boostorg/release/1.66.0/binaries/boost_1_66_0-msvc-14.1-64.exe
When prompted, install boost to C:\local\boost
When the installation is finished, go to C:\local\boost and rename the "lib64-msvc-14.1" folder to "lib"

###### OpenSSL
For our websocket library, we need OpenSSL 1.1
Download OpenSSL development library: https://slproweb.com/download/Win64OpenSSL-1_1_0h.exe
When prompted, install openssl to C:\local\openssl
When prompted, copy the OpenSSL DLLs to "The OpenSSL binaries (/bin) directory"
For Qt SSL, we need OpenSSL 1.0
Download OpenSSL light: https://slproweb.com/download/Win64OpenSSL_Light-1_0_2o.exe
When prompted, install it anywhere
When prompted, copy the OpenSSL DLLS to "The OpenSSL binaries (/bin) directory"
Copy the OpenSSL 1.0 files from its /bin folder to C:/local/bin (You will need to create the folder)
Then copy the OpenSSL 1.1 files from its /bin folder to C:/local/bin (Overwrite any duplicate files)
Add C:/local/bin to your path folder (Follow guide here if you don't know how to do it: https://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000549.htm#windows8 )

###### Qt
Download Qt: https://www.qt.io/download
Select "Open source" at the bottom of this page
Then select "Download"
When prompted which components to install:
 - Under the latest Qt version:
   - Select MSVC 2017 64-bit (or MSVC 2015 64-bit if you still use Visual Studio 2015)
   - Optionally, enable Qt WebEngine
 - Under Tools:
   - Select Qt Creator, and Qt Creator CDB Debugger Support


#### Using MSYS2
Building using MSYS2 can be quite easier process. Check out MSYS2 at [msys2.org](http://www.msys2.org/).
Be sure to add `-j <number of threads>` as a make argument so it will use all your cpu cores to build. ![example setup](https://i.imgur.com/qlESlS1.png)
You can also add `-o2` to optimize the final binary size but increase compilation time, and add `-pipe` to use more ram in compilation but increase compilation speed
1. open appropriate MSYS2 terminal and do `pacman -S mingw-w64-<arch>-boost mingw-w64-<arch>-qt5 mingw-w64-<arch>-rapidjson` where `<arch>` is `x86_64` or `i686`
2. go into the project directory
3. create build folder `mkdir build && cd build`
4. `qmake .. && mingw32-make`

### 

### Linux
#### Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS
*most likely works the same for other Debian-like distros*
1. install QT Creator `sudo apt-get install qtcreator qtmultimedia5-dev`
2. install boost-dev  `sudo apt-get install libboost-dev`
3. open `chatterino.pro` with QT Creator and build

#### Ubuntu 18.04
*most likely works the same for other Debian-like distros*
1. Install dependencies (and the C++ IDE Qt Creator) `sudo apt install qtcreator qtmultimedia5-dev libqt5svg5-dev libboost-dev`
2. Install rapidjson to `/usr/local/` like this: From the Chatterino2 root folder: `sudo cp -r lib/rapidjson/include/rapidjson /usr/local/include`. If you want to install it to another place, you have to make sure it's in the chatterino.pro include path
3. open `chatterino.pro` with QT Creator and build

#### Arch Linux
install [chatterino2-git](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/chatterino2-git/) from the aur or build manually as follows:
1. `sudo pacman -S qt5-base qt5-multimedia gst-plugins-ugly gst-plugins-good boost rapidjson`
2. go into project directory
3. create build folder `mkdir build && cd build`
4. `qmake .. && make`

### Mac OSX
1. install Xcode and Xcode Command Line Utilites
2. install Qt Creator
3. install brew https://brew.sh/
4. `brew install boost openssl rapidjson`
5. build the project using Qt Creator
