docs/ENV.md, before:

# Environment variables
Below I have tried to list all environment variables that can be used to modify the behaviour of Chatterino. Used for things that I don't feel like fit in the settings system.

### CHATTERINO2_RECENT_MESSAGES_URL
Used to change the URL that Chatterino2 uses when trying to load historic Twitch chat messages (if the setting is enabled).  
Default value: `https://recent-messages.robotty.de/api/v2/recent-messages/%1?clearchatToNotice=true` (an [open-source service](https://github.com/robotty/recent-messages) written and currently run by [@RAnders00](https://github.com/RAnders00))  
Arguments:  
 - `%1` = Name of the Twitch channel

### CHATTERINO2_LINK_RESOLVER_URL
Used to change the URL that Chatterino2 uses when trying to get link information to display in the tooltip on hover.  
Default value: `https://braize.pajlada.com/chatterino/link_resolver/%1`  
Arguments:  
 - `%1` = Escaped URL the link resolver should resolve

### CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_EMOTE_SET_RESOLVER_URL
Used to change the URL that Chatterino2 uses when trying to get emote set information
Default value: `https://braize.pajlada.com/chatterino/twitchemotes/set/%1/`  
Arguments:  
 - `%1` = Emote set ID

### CHATTERINO2_IMAGE_UPLOADER_URL
Used to change the URL that Chatterino2 uses when trying to paste an image into chat. This can be used for hosting the uploaded images yourself.
Default value: `https://i.nuuls.com/upload`

Arguments:
 - None

Notes:
 - If you want to host the images yourself. You need [Nuuls' filehost software](https://github.com/nuuls/filehost)
 - Other image hosting software is currently not supported.

### CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_SERVER_HOST
String value used to change what Twitch chat server host to connect to.  
Default value: `irc.chat.twitch.tv`

### CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_SERVER_PORT
Number value used to change what port to use when connecting to Twitch chat servers.  
Currently known valid ports for secure usage: 6697, 443.  
Currently known valid ports for non-secure usage (CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_SERVER_SECURE set to false): 6667, 80.  
Default value: `443`

### CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_SERVER_SECURE
Bool value used to tell Chatterino whether to try to connect securely (secure irc) to the Twitch chat server.  
Default value: `true`

Commit message:

Added ability to change image uploader form body via Env

docs/ENV.md, after:

# Environment variables
Below I have tried to list all environment variables that can be used to modify the behaviour of Chatterino. Used for things that I don't feel like fit in the settings system.

### CHATTERINO2_RECENT_MESSAGES_URL
Used to change the URL that Chatterino2 uses when trying to load historic Twitch chat messages (if the setting is enabled).  
Default value: `https://recent-messages.robotty.de/api/v2/recent-messages/%1?clearchatToNotice=true` (an [open-source service](https://github.com/robotty/recent-messages) written and currently run by [@RAnders00](https://github.com/RAnders00))  
Arguments:  
 - `%1` = Name of the Twitch channel

### CHATTERINO2_LINK_RESOLVER_URL
Used to change the URL that Chatterino2 uses when trying to get link information to display in the tooltip on hover.  
Default value: `https://braize.pajlada.com/chatterino/link_resolver/%1`  
Arguments:  
 - `%1` = Escaped URL the link resolver should resolve

### CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_EMOTE_SET_RESOLVER_URL
Used to change the URL that Chatterino2 uses when trying to get emote set information
Default value: `https://braize.pajlada.com/chatterino/twitchemotes/set/%1/`  
Arguments:  
 - `%1` = Emote set ID

### CHATTERINO2_IMAGE_UPLOADER_URL
Used to change the URL that Chatterino2 uses when trying to paste an image into chat. This can be used for hosting the uploaded images yourself.  
Default value: `https://i.nuuls.com/upload`

Arguments:
 - None

Notes:
 - If you want to host the images yourself. You need [Nuuls' filehost software](https://github.com/nuuls/filehost)
 - Other image hosting software is currently not supported.

### CHATTERINO2_IMAGE_UPLOADER_FORM_BODY
Used to change the name of an image form field in a request to the URL that Chatterino2 uses when trying to paste an image into chat. This can be used when your image uploading software accepts a different form field than default value.  
Default value: `attachment`

### CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_SERVER_HOST
String value used to change what Twitch chat server host to connect to.  
Default value: `irc.chat.twitch.tv`

### CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_SERVER_PORT
Number value used to change what port to use when connecting to Twitch chat servers.  
Currently known valid ports for secure usage: 6697, 443.  
Currently known valid ports for non-secure usage (CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_SERVER_SECURE set to false): 6667, 80.  
Default value: `443`

### CHATTERINO2_TWITCH_SERVER_SECURE
Bool value used to tell Chatterino whether to try to connect securely (secure irc) to the Twitch chat server.  
Default value: `true`
